Goddamn right, how are you tonight?
Hormontown is now in session, let me hear you at home.
Make them jealous though.
Yeah!
We're so glad you're here, welcome to the Dynasty Typewriter, thank you so much for
coming all the way downtown.
Let me bring to the stage someone you know and love, Spencer Crittenden!
He's no joke, Game Master Jordanair.
Coming back from his sold out all over the city tour, from place to place, but mostly
his couch, the mayor of Hormontown, Dan Hormont!
I am your Comptroller, my name is Brandon Johnson, have a good night.
Yeah, yeah, hip, yo, hip, hop, yo, hip, hop, got the rhythm, got the soul, got your mama's
pussy in a bowl, pouring it like cereal, and now out, I'm going out to rock and roll.
I fucked your daddy too, gender equality, whatcha gonna do, here's some gender fluidity,
I fucked your sister, even though next week she's gonna be a mister.
A family treat!
So that was my pitch for gender equality, but it turned into like a classic, like kind
of tranny joke from the 90s.
You played yourself!
I think everybody should be able to say whatever the fuck they, whoever they are, I don't care,
I don't care anymore.
I'm listening to this book on tape, Sapiens, let me, thank you, I'm assuming that was for
the author and he can't be here.
Or just Homo Sapiens?
Right, that's what I thought.
Well that's the interesting thing, I was kind of afraid to go get back into anthropology
because I think the last book I read on anthropology was like a 1967 book, The Naked Ape by Desmond
Morris and I think like, I've always been kind of an armchair anthropology fan, but
it's different from being passionate about anthropology because those people read stuff
and learn stuff, but the thing is anthropology is like a real loaded gun, like it's just
filled with like, the can just says flavor, it doesn't say what flavor, it may not comfort
you, like an anthropologist may say things like this guy at one point is riffing and
just says like, well actually brain size has decreased since the days of foraging because
humanity's ability to create culture made room for an imbecile class, and you're just
like, whoa, what the, what?
And it's like a, you know, like, whoa, loaded gun, baby.
But yeah, you know, things like before we were agrarian and when every single person,
like, like basically when you couldn't, everyone was just running around like, oh, there's
a mushroom, I guess I'll live for another hour.
There's a, there's a frog, there's a, there's a, there's a piece of bacon, I don't know
how bacon works.
It must come from some plant or something, right?
Foraging gives you all this nutritional variety and it like, it also demands this incredible
versatility in your brain.
And so he was talking about how this idea of like, look, if you're like, the whole,
the whole books, I haven't even scratched the surface yet, but the book seems to start
to tell the story of how, all right, what is it that made human beings like ravage the
earth?
Like, why are we the, the human species of which there are at least like six or so that
have walked the earth, many of whom at the same time, like Homo erectus, Neanderthals,
all that stuff.
You've heard of that before.
Like, like, we're, we're, we're, we're not only cut, we're cousins with gorillas and
chimps and orangutans, but we're, we have siblings that are gone and their blood is
on our hands.
Like, like, and that's actually weird.
There's a million kinds of fox, there's a million kinds of bear.
There's only one kind of human and it's not because they all don't work.
Like there's room for a lot of kind of bear and it's like, oh, like one species of human
Homo sapien, as opposed to Homo erectus, which I always thought was like, I always thought
there was like that, you know, lineage.
I thought Neanderthals died out because they were dumb.
But they're not.
I mean, they were dumb in certain ways.
I think that we used to think that they didn't simultaneously exist on the earth and that
chain, that understanding has changed such that we think that probably three or four
were kind of hanging out at the same time, right?
There was a, there was, there was at least a half a dozen Homo, a human, human species.
Which is new now.
So Homo erectus is a completely different species from us.
I like Homo habilis.
They, first of all, use the example of like horses and donkeys.
So horses and donkeys are separate species, but they can mate.
So they, you know, they talk about, well, we, we may have mated with Neanderthals.
Like there's that idea of you have one percent Neanderthal in your genes and stuff, but horses
don't really, donkeys and horses, they're not, it's not the first thing that would come
into their head if you put them in a pen together.
You have to get aggressive about, it's suggesting that they do it or, or the, or the horse has
to be, you know, have issues that demand, that it's more about anger than I don't know
what.
But, and ultimately they produce an offspring that's not even fertile.
And then you take like, but that's different from like, like, like there's a million kinds
of dog, but they're all the same species because they happily, like you put them in a room
together, you go away, you have a popsicle, you come back, you get fucking weird ass and
a boxer and it's looking, it's shaped like a slinky.
We, we, we, we had, we, we walked this earth like, with all these different like specialized
brands of human.
Homo erectus was like really good at making tools.
So good at making tools that it's all they fucking did.
It was in their genes to make tools.
The way when you throw a ball, your golden retriever like knows how to do something better
than like maybe your mutt or your, or, or, or like a bull or like a Jack Russell who's
like, well, that's not a mouse.
So I'm going to stare at the electrical outlet and lick your face until you have no more
friends coming over.
Jack Russell's are the worst.
But you have to like respect them because you're like, you were mentally ill.
Like, if you know anything about mental illness and you meet a Jack Russell, you, you're just
like, I can't judge you.
You're clearly sick.
You have a sickness that's been bred into you.
Terrier by some person who wanted less rats.
That's not cool.
The dog is like, we just stare at the corner of a coffee table because they think it might
turn into a mouse one day.
They're insane.
Anyways, but, but, sorry, but, but, but, but Homo erectus, like we, is it like, okay,
they made like these flint tools or they, they have these tools, but they actually like
kind of like it was bred into them.
They walked to the earth for two million years making these dumb ass tools.
They never turned that into making tool tools or tool, tool, tool tools, which we are good
at.
Homo sapiens, the book implies, now I'm, I'm, I'm extrapolating a lot for listening for
an hour and a half car ride to this book that's like, it's a 15 hour book.
And I heard someone wrote it down somewhere and you could, with the eyeballs, but, but
the implication is that it's like, we're no better or no worse.
Like, it's like, like brain size, whatever, like, like, if, if truly if brain size and
like, like, if it was just raw intelligence that like made you dominate the earth, of
course by now there would have been ants with giant heads or he doesn't say that because
he's a scientist and you debunk that I'm making that up, but there'd be like dogs or something
that would be like, like, it would just be like the thing that you always go to.
We kind of have that mythology in our heads, literally that, that, that, that it's like,
oh, it's all about that brain, you got to get to that brain.
But the brain is like really hit or miss as an evolutionary trait.
It was like just betting double zero on a roulette.
Even that's a miss, misconstruer as coined it.
He said a misconstruer the other day really made me misconstrue some stuff.
Just talk.
All right, sapiens like are different.
The thing that separated us out.
So get this.
This is, this is the uplifting thing slash biggest bummer in the fucking world.
This guy implies that the reason why we ended up wiping everybody out, whether that meant
fucking them and absorbing them and or eating them out hunting them, just, just, just making
them feel unwelcome until they, they deleted their Neanderthal accounts and like went away
because they're like, I don't like where this is going.
If this is what it takes to survive, I'm going to go have a giant brain and live in the pine
trees and fucking go to sleep.
That's what happened to Homo habilis.
Wait, which one is habilis, is that?
They were excellent listeners.
It was great.
It just didn't win the war.
It was a good skill to have at the time, but didn't win a lot of contests.
They won a few important contests.
Right, but they lost the tell me more passive aggressive wars of 30 million BC when the
Cro-Magnons eventually said, go on.
And they were like, I'm out.
But the idea put forth in this book is that what we are good at, all of us, is the cynical
would call it lying, which is not, it's not unique to us, a primate lie.
Primate lie.
Don't let me stop you.
The writers among us, if that we're interested in justifying our jobs or getting through
tomorrow with a spring under step would say, we'd call it mythology, that's what we're
good at.
A corporate lawyer would call it the ability to handle a contract, essentially it's all
the same thing, basically what sapiens are good at that gets us past the topping out
point of primate sophistication, which tops out, as all of us who have ever watched a
sitcom or hung out in a room this size know, it tops out at 100 primates.
Your ability to function as a group, nobody in here, there's no cops in here, but if somebody
jumped up and was like, hail Satan, we'd get confused and we'd eventually figure out
what to do, but it probably won't happen because there's 100 of us.
If there are 1,000 of us, there's going to be 10 people going, hail Satan, and they're
going to get lost in the, they're going to actually be encouraged by the fact that there's
1,000 people to, and also we're all going to start going, that's someone else's problem,
chaos, chaos.
So what we, that's where a neanderthal can't handle it, like 500 neanderthals, they can't
do anything, 500 homo erectus, sapiens perfected the art of, like we have the lobes in our
brain necessary to believe in shit that ain't real.
We were able to watch Seinfeld and hear 100 people and pretend that those 100 people represent
a million people and just go, oh, Seinfeld's great, even though Seinfeld didn't come over
to my house and tell me he's going to help me out tomorrow.
But I'm in Seinfeld's corner, like Seinfeld's a flag, Seinfeld's a religion, Seinfeld's
a meme, Seinfeld's a, it's symbolism, it's this idea, we can create like a connectivity
between strangers that will never meet each other to Serbians that will never meet, can
both have been taught from childhood about the importance of being a Serb and identify
that with a flag and they'll see the right flag on each other's arm patch or whatever
in the middle of a situation, somebody might take a bullet for somebody else, chimpanzees
can't do that, you can't, like no other even human species, all of which are now extinct
can do that.
So we basically, it's kind of, it's a bummer, a little bit of a bummer, this is what we're
good at, this is why we're here, we're good at this giant mess that we've created, that's
what we're good at.
So you're saying we're the first monkeys with imagination?
That's too fucking beautiful, that's too poetic.
But yeah, I guess that, we're the first human species, the first Homo, in the Homo genus,
we're the ones that got really good at sharing ideas that never have to be true, that can
be so, things that never have to be concretized but can be the most important thing in the
world.
The ability to wake up in bed and say, because I am blank, a member of an invisible tribe,
a corporation, a country, a fandom, a political leaning, a gender, a race, a type of person.
Because I am a quality of life person, because I am there, I'm going to do this today and
it will actually supersede things that for other primates and even other human species
that are now extinct, they would be like, I'm not going to harvest corn based on, what
did you say, Mickey Mouse exists?
I don't do it, and then they starve, and then the people that believe in Mickey Mouse come
over the hills and they say, how are they having 800,000 people with spears, I give
up, I give up, take me to jail.
Or teach me to learn about corn.
Or if you can reproduce with me, I mean, they're done, these people, they're done, the ones
that are like, their children are being raised in this environment of like, no, it's called
culture, it's called mythology, it's called religion, it's called lies, it's called, depending
on what mood you're in, it's called all kinds of things, but it's basically like, the fact
that we can sustain a life based on nothing, based on no, like, and we sometimes get frustrated
by that and go like, God damn it, you know, you're getting that fight club red pill mood
and you go, Jesus Christ, well, this fucking fact is, I've got a big set of balls full
of comb and if I wanted to, I could fuck this fucking whole dollar store into fucking,
I could make it a whole pregnant, yeah, I'm going to, who hasn't said that?
I mean, you could and you couldn't, you could, if you could somehow figure out a way to hack
symbology and mythology to reduce all of civilization to a basically non-sapien mindset, like, you
could turn us into animals again, like, you know, we're the only species that has the
power to do that, we have a self-destruct mechanism.
I was thinking that, like, this is like a meditation I've had on murder, like, we can't,
like, I've had a lot of meditations on murder, I'll be, do some shows.
Oh, Habilis is also famous for that, for suppressing their murder meditations.
They love suppressing violence, no, but, like, just one of the humans, obviously, they kill
people, but at the same time, like, you can't kill someone in existent society, so, like,
we have to be able to turn people into killers and then also turn them back from killers
into normal people who can, like, function in society, because otherwise, anytime someone
would kill, they would become, like, essentially an unhinged zombie monster, you know, like,
the fact that you can have their regret is, like, this weird thing, but what that means
is that we can use words and ideas to work ourselves into a literally a lethal frenzy
that's only a temporary state of hypnosis that renders us capable of doing things we're
not normally capable of and wouldn't be capable of if we weren't conceiving of this construct
that we invented in our minds, and, like, that is, like, it's a very human thing, but
that's, like, it's very crazy, because otherwise, you know, if that didn't exist, then all of
society would break down, but because that exists, like, sociopaths exist, kind of.
I don't know.
It's really fucked up and scary.
Yeah.
We all live a lie.
I mean, it's like when you examine currency and you go, like, well, the dollar's backed
by nothing or whatever, like, like, everything is a lie, I mean, why are we, yeah, anything
that goes beyond any Charles Manson level, like, like, that's why I think we're, we're
fascinated with mob mythology or, you know, organized crime stuff is because there's a
tribal mindset there, and actually things actually start clicking for us.
When we watch the Sopranos and we go, I get it, Pauline Walnuts can't tell Lieutenant
Peck or Pickle what to do.
I don't have to have a memory, I have imagination.
Anyways, let's bring out, that's why tonight's show is all based in anthropology, we've got
only the most top qualified experts, I've planned this out, the show is meticulously
planned and scheduled, I've got the perfect guests, let's first bring out Coco the Gorilla.
Oh, poor Harambe's wife.
Too soon.
I guess we'll bring out Jeff Davis first.
Jeff Davis, ladies and gentlemen, Jeff Davis, Jeff Davis extraordinaire, extraordinaire.
He could have been anywhere in the world tonight, ladies and gentlemen, but he chose to be
here.
Jeff Davis.
Schrab-involved visual bit.
Hard to explain.
Well, they both did a bit, like, it made me feel like, it feels like the Milwaukee public
zoo and you're like waiting for the, the lions to come out in the winter, let you go to
the zoo and you're like, how come the lions aren't out?
Because you're, are you freezing your ass off?
They're in the tiny heated room eating hay.
But they're lions.
That's how cold they are.
I don't know that I would compare these motherfuckers to lions, but...
Ladies and gentlemen, Jeff Davis.
See?
No, it's coming out now.
Because a lion would have come out.
This is a bluff.
I'm happy to call it.
All right.
They picked me on the wrong night, man.
I'll do a hug.
I know, you do, you do have enough in you, I feel like, to talk about without these dudes.
Yeah.
All right.
Another thing about those humans and our ability to create murder and stuff.
I think someone almost just got shot by a microphone accessory.
What was that?
I pulled on the mic cord and then a piece of plastic shot out and almost hit that dude
in the face.
Just toss it up here.
And I will do it again.
You ever asked for someone to toss you something and just let it land?
Yeah.
It's one of the coolest fucking moves.
I'm going to tell you right now that shit was a preemptive strike.
I was like, that dude needs a piece of this microphone.
Thank you for your help.
So much help.
Thank you.
Sarcasm.
God damn it.
I did a lot of driving with Cody.
Yeah, I'll tell you another, a book we listened to, another book on tape, Elizabeth Smart's
story, her autobiography.
Remember her?
Do you know who Elizabeth Smart is?
Are you two young?
She was a true crime person.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't follow those stories.
Well, I don't remember the stories.
I follow them like when they happen.
I remember the story, I can't remember what, now I can't remember what year it was when
it happened.
But I do, I was fascinated with the story because I remember she, it became a story
because she had returned.
Yeah.
It was like a big thing.
I vaguely remember that the vagaries and the weird insinuations or questions, it was sort
of like, my consciousness was like, oh, is that that girl that got abducted?
But she got abducted by a guy that may or may not have, you know, it was like the press
was like, oh, she's back, but she may not have been abducted.
Maybe she, it was like, it was like, it was like, so it was really like therapeutic to
listen to her, her book because it was like, oh God, like ridiculous, like the narrative
of, yeah, of course you're not going to get that right.
Like, this guy just like came into her room, she was 14 years old, he's got a fucking
buoy knife and he's like, get up and get out of bed and come with me.
And it's like, it's this crazy experiment and like, what if you were a good girl and
you just didn't, like, what if you just didn't want your family to get hurt and what if you
just always, what if you just kept doing what you thought was the smartest, healthiest spiritual
thing to do?
And the answer is this fucking creep who actually turns out to be like the three stooges of
Charles Manson's, like, it's actually kind of a, you know, if you detach yourself from
her plight, like the guy emerges as a sort of comedic character because he keeps, while
he's with her, he takes her, he takes her, like, out of her house and like, walks with
her through thistles and brambles for seven hours where he's got a camp set up where he
does the things that you would be afraid that he would do, it's all there and it's all in
his head, it's all about, oh, he's a prophet and he needs a new wife and all this shit.
But, you know, and she goes there tastefully but also like, she's really very healthy,
she's 25 at the time she's writing the book and it's very healthy, very inspiring how,
like, fucking, like, she's just like, yeah, then that happened and like, it's odd, it's
honestly odd.
I think she's Mormon too, right?
I think so, and that is true that when they found her, she wasn't resistant, it wasn't
that she, it wasn't that she was complacent about being there.
There's these moments that we don't understand in the story where, like, there's a cop that
comes up in the public library and she's sitting there and she's like, the cop is like, tell
me your name and there, and like, she, we just use logic to go, oh, well, of course,
now is the time to do this, but it's like, she's abused and she's terrified.
The interesting thing about her book is that she swears, like, she's very adamant about
the fact that this is different from Stockholm syndrome, like, and she's trying to make the
point, she's a victim's rights advocate now, and she's like very, very adamant about this,
which I think is just incredibly interesting.
If I thought I was a good interviewer at all, and I didn't think that I was going to like,
like, I was such an interesting person to talk to, but I would never want to go near
somebody that I could ever, like, accidentally hurt with my insensitivity, but she just seems
so fucking robust and so great, greatest revenge.
But she's like, she's like, I was never, it's not Stockholm, it's like, I never had
empathy for this fucking dunce.
I think she makes fun of him for the whole book, and it's like, I was just, I took him
at his word, I was 14, and he was the guy with the knife, and he kept saying over and
over again, if this ever ends...
Just ignore it.
Trying to tell you about a horrible abduction that lasted a year.
But I took him at his word that if this ever ends, and it's at all your fault, like, if
you ever drop the dime on me, you know, like, I will figure out a way to kill your family,
I'll kill your little brother, you know, just over and over again telling her that.
So that's what she's experiencing in these moments when people are coming up to her and
going, hey, are you this kidnapped girl?
And she's like, she's screaming in her head, don't involve me in this shit, fucking save
me.
It's very interesting.
It's also a little bit of a backstory, perhaps, about the community that she was raised in
and the fact that if you are already mildly abused, or if you've already been in a society
that denigrates women, when someone comes to abduct you, you may play along.
Yeah, I mean, her advocacy afterwards sounds like it's a brand to do that.
Now, you know, it's a throw, it's a throw.
I'm proud of you guys.
That was a good taper, like, obviously we can't coordinate total silence.
And you know, some of you come here because you hate me, but if you want to make me fucking
proud, let them stew and just try as hard as you can, just fucking abject silence.
They really should have to work for your love at this point.
But don't do it because you think, oh, you want me to win.
I know you love them.
If you love them, teach them a lesson.
Teach them a lesson about stagecraft and respect.
Now, back to Elizabeth Smart.
But I really want to address that because it's like, I mean, that's the thing is like,
I believe her family was Mormon, but it's noteworthy that you wouldn't know that from reading the
book because I think her faith, you know, she was never like, well, because of my magic
underwear, it was protected or all this stuff.
It's very clear that the dude is Mormon, that the psycho is Mormon, and that he's abusing
all these tenets of Mormonism that he's twisted it.
The only thing that's clear with her is that she's basically like the American goal.
I think that's what's important is that we think, oh, we want our 14-year-old daughters
to be unsoiled and never have had any thoughts into their head.
It's sort of an interesting kind of Christ myth when you're listening to it because you're
like, well, this is supposedly the American dream as far as what you want your family
to have this white picket fence and all these things, and it's like, there is this thought
in your head that goes like, well, and then she's so pure and modest and humble and so
that this doofus who has no right, he doesn't, he's exploiting it.
She doesn't know she's being exploited and she's not, yeah, it's a real roller coaster
that you go through when you're listening to the story, which I kind of, it was kind
of eye-opening to me because the other half of the time all you're thinking is as in that
South Park episode where they meet the Mormon, it's like the other half of the time you're
going, Jesus Christ, I've got to convert to this fucking religion because this is some
powerful shit, like this girl survived some crazy shit and it was specifically because
of her faith.
These brand names get us fucked up, Christianity, Catholicism, the names get us fucked up.
Yeah, her faith is a thing that...
She thought that there was a God with her the whole time and she's not shoving that
down your throat in case you want to listen to the book, it's not like she's selling that
to you, but she uses the force a couple times in the story and she doesn't, she's not obnoxious
about it.
I think it's really interesting, it's also, she narrates her own audio book which is like
cool because she's like sort of like, it's like amateur, like she's like, her inflection
is like, this is the real person and she's like, I didn't know, she's describing this
like doofus going like, today I'm gonna, she's like mocking him with her voice and then
he came back to her, well I just decided that God wants me to do this and I'm like, all
right, whatever.
You're trying to tell me that Selena Gomez could play this role.
I think the feeling that left me when I'm net positive was like, wow, you could be a
14 year old girl and have the worst possible fucking thing happen to you for a year of
your life and you could emerge, she was like, she's just a regular person and she actually
keeps pointing out, she's like, actually, she doesn't want to say, I'm glad this happened,
but she's like, I'm grateful for, she's like, if it hadn't happened, what would I be?
Some schnook that doesn't know how bad it can get?
Also, statistically, she's very lucky to be alive.
So, as far as, yeah, the percentage of people who have had a dude come into their bedroom
with a knife, yeah, she's one of the, it's a pretty short book, it's kind of interesting.
It's such a weird, it's like the three stooges of abductions.
And it is inspirational because somebody actually lived through it.
Because of her, because it's inspirational because she's like, yeah, she's on her own
and she just survives and it's a bummer, a culture where survival is the new success,
but sometimes that's the thing you need to remind yourself of, I guess, I don't know.
My personal journey has gone from, I am happy in spite of you, you being you, listening,
and I crossed a threshold at a certain point and I am happy because of you and that was
glorious, that was great.
And I am now entering my third active, I am now again happy in spite of you.
And I know that if you are a fan of mine, you don't blame me for that and that's why
I love you, but like, I can't keep coming to you for happiness, I gotta be 45 years
old and be like, here's how you're happy.
If a 14 year old girl can do that in a fucking tent where she's actually being like, I really
feel you truly believed that everyone should feel that way.
That was true belief applause, that was not, that was not like Beastie Boy's irony generation
applause.
I am shocked that you all did not help your boy out.
But don't feel shame because you're fine the way you are.
Next time sit at the back of the house, then they'll all hear and be like, if you do it
down front, people are like, look at this dumb motherfucker.
He was the one who was like excited that you were embracing internal forms of motivation
and everyone else like they didn't clap at all because they weren't similarly internally
motivated to clap.
You know, it does make you internally motivated to clap, me undies.
Would you be wearing me undies this evening?
Oh, of course.
I've been wearing them like much like first class travel, I have never gone back.
Is it the softness or the fit?
It's the cockpit.
They should call it the cockpit.
They could call it me undies if you're listening, the cockpit, the diamond pouch, call it the
cockpit.
It's good.
I'm wearing them right now.
I've never worn them before today and I'm wearing them on my body and I got to tell
you, it feels like I'm wearing nothing at all.
Nothing at all.
I'd be interested to talk to it.
What did you think?
Why don't you like to meet a person that had tried me undies and then was like, no, I'm
going back to regular, what kind of monster is that?
A person who doesn't like just the right amount of support and comfort.
The kind of person who says caviar is too salty.
We're not even going to look back.
We're not even going to look behind us.
And we don't need to because coming through the house.
Whoa.
Now they're coming in from the back.
So proud of you.
Which is impossible to do.
This is actually really good job guys.
Oh, you broke at the end.
You held out for a while.
I'm sorry.
This is why you can subscribe to the Harmontown feed and see what's happening because it's
like, this is why they're not trustworthy.
No, but these guys, I mean, when I said don't clap, you guys, that was amazing.
Yeah, you did so much better.
I was the first one to cry uncle.
I was like, oh, that feels so harsh.
Like the music started and I was like, well, why aren't you, oh, oh, right.
And you guys are like, no, we're fucking like, it was like, wow, that is, that's homo sapiens.
That's how we beat the Neanderthals.
That's also, also children of divorce because they were like, I know how to be pit against
another adult.
I want to, I want to watch any tree fall hand me an axe.
My joy comes from the two damage to submit.
We can't conform.
We're freaking out.
Yeah, I can't wait to, I can't wait to hear the rest of that, that, that sapiens book.
Do you want to talk about the dog door?
Yeah, because I didn't want to talk about it for a while.
Well, it was going on just because I didn't want to advertise that my house had a malfunctioning
dog door out of any kind.
Right.
Because I didn't want people to be like, some guys like sharpening his knife on a whetstone.
And he's like, did you hear episode three 21?
He says the back door has a piece of plexiglass on it that keeps coming up every time the dog
comes near it.
And then, and they just have all these posters of me on the wall with like the eyes cut out.
Try not to, try not to hit his garage this time.
But now that, now the old, the old doors back installed and I, I don't know.
I thought it was such a funny.
I, yeah, I feel like you might want to at least take lead.
I mean, I'll fill in and add and take, take, pick up the slack, but I don't know what angle
you're coming at this from.
I had this thought in my head that, which maybe some of you have, which I'd be happy
that I can relieve you of, which is the idea that with money comes this ability to like
just sort of like, like, make things happen, like, like, like, like, like, without, without,
without caring about them.
So they're like, well, I'm, I'm rich now.
So the dog door is not perfect.
Like I, I, and now I can't even remember what wasn't perfect about the dog door because
now I'm, I want to kiss the dog door I have.
But it, it, it, I was like, why can't there be a dog door that doesn't need batteries
changed in it and doesn't require batteries to be changed in a fob in the dog's collars
because they make these dog doors where the dog gets close to the dog door and that's
when the dog door opens or unlocks and this is kind of a list of shit.
And also I was like, and inevitably, like, I'd like it to be electronic also because
I have a Crestron system, like a home automation system, which has also never worked.
But one day I have this idea that I'll be sitting in my bed and I'll be like, did you
hear that, honey?
What was that?
Sounds like coyotes, by the way, that's exactly what coyotes sound like.
That's why they're fucking terrifying because they don't sound like an animal.
They sound like a fucking, like dude at Target, like arguing with his girlfriend.
You're just like, what's going on out there?
Why is there a gang of dudes upset about a sale?
And then you listen and they're like, oh, God, it's coyotes.
And then the scariest thing about it is that then your dogs, they hear the coyotes and
they're like, they react in these random fucking ways, sometimes sexually, uh-huh.
You can't tell the difference.
You know how your dog reacts to a skunk or a raccoon?
They get excited.
If there's a fucking coyote out there, the dogs are like, they're like the call of the
wild.
They're like, I want to go with the circus.
I'm like, these motherfuckers want to eat you.
They're not going to fuck you.
If they do fuck you, they're going to eat you after.
They don't give a shit.
These are hungry ass wild cave dogs from like the fucking last millennia come down here
to fucking eat squirrels and chihuahuas, but the dogs are like, they hear it and they're
like, I want to go out there.
I want to go out there.
And it's the scariest thing in the world to hear.
They're like, I want to go out there.
So anyways, I'm just saying, my fantasy was to deal with that and then hit a button and
be like, okay, that's enough of that.
I'm not letting my dogs out, or they sometimes smell a little skunk in the air and then your
dogs are like, there's a skunk out there and they're like, that means it's time for
me to go attack the skunk and then you can bathe me for eight hours and then you can
change your cushions and then you go, no, it means it's time to lock the door.
So I had this fantasy.
So it was like electronic and dog collar activated so they could pick and choose when they want
to go outside.
But if I want to seal them in for the evening because of mother nature, I hit the button.
Okay.
All of that from my bed.
So Spencer like the whole time for like, for like the last two years, it seems like Spencer
is like, I got it.
This is technically Spencer's job, but it's not really fair to Spencer.
It's just long term.
It's hard to crack one of these things out really quick.
So as a result, it's like, I don't know.
Yeah.
It's like, leave these in charge of like the calendar and the finances and all that shit.
Spencer's like my friend, but yeah, also like, it's like, oh, it's like, oh, it's like,
oh, there's a video game.
Can you get it for me or something like that?
It's not like I'm ever like, Spencer's fucking up because there's not a thing.
And Spencer also knows, I'm not going to bug my friend about the thing and like for a year
and a half or something.
I'm like, what about this dog door and then you'd come in and you'd go, okay, so I found
this dog door.
So it meets your specifications and I'm always like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's great.
And then, and then sometimes you'd think back in my head and you're like, yeah, it's kind
of big.
And I'm like, yeah, whatever.
My dog's big.
And then like, it kind of sticks out from the door.
Like when you install it, I'm like, whatever, I don't, I'm not a fucking, I'm not Martha
Stewart.
I don't care.
Function over form.
Let's Elon Musk this dog door.
Cut to the dog door is installed finally.
Like it's like, he's the funniest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life.
It was this giant, like picture a back door.
So first of all, the back door had to be completely replaced because the dog door is so big that
no door, no normal door can contain it, because it's basically the size of a door.
The dog door is so big that if Spencer and I like, we're going out for the evening, we
might, and we were wearing collars, we might just actually put less energy into leaving
the house by ducking down and moving through the door.
That's how big the dog door is.
I compared it to the size of a not many fridge.
I'd say it's close.
So it's a lobby.
It's like a fridge in size hanging off the door.
It's certainly the size of a chubby criminal, a full on adult, hasn't even earned being
in your house because he's not even, he's fat from his last robbery.
And he's just like, well, you know, as long as I'm here, I will maintain.
I feel like your dog is almost, is also that size.
Yes.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
But my dog ain't going to do shit about the robber.
I mean, you know, do you ever think about a fence?
Oh, we have one.
I got fences to beat the band.
Okay.
Like, like, before you don't, you know, like, if I've learned one thing, it's that I should
have been happy with just being a caveman and letting my fucking Dino out into the backyard.
It's a Bronto burger.
It's like, I get it now.
But I thought in my head, I thought, oh, you get money and then you start doing this James
Bond thing where you're like, you can like weave your, you do the minority report in
your bed and then your dog is like happier than if you were a regular dog owner.
It's all untrue.
It's not true.
Like no matter how much money you get, you can't, you can't, your dog just needs to be
let out and then let in after it shits and yet you gotta care about a living thing.
All right.
There's no end run around it.
I'm sorry to tell you.
So you may as well go back to your shitty job tomorrow and have a big smile on your
face because no matter how many promotions you get, you're never going to get to stop
caring about fucking people.
Weird when you don't laugh at shit like that.
It's like, I think, why did you buy a ticket?
I thought you liked my lack of empathy anyways, but the fucking, so Nigel fucking loves the
thing.
He's like the shitty little dog that doesn't need anything because Nigel will find a way
out of anything.
Like Nigel, you could just, you could raise him in an environment that was like hermetically
sealed, but like we, like he'd figure out how to get out anyway.
Yeah.
No, I sent Nigel up for pizza the other day and Nigel just like, so he like loves it.
He walks up to it, this giant plexiglass guillotine goes, it's nine feet tall, Nigel like looks
at it, walks right through and he goes and shits and pisses and does what he eats his
fucking rocks and twigs so that I'll have to give him unnecessary surgery later.
He comes back, Harvey is like, Harvey, Harvey spent the three weeks that this thing was
installed just like shitting everywhere in the house.
While Nigel just ran in and out, I would let the both of them out, like Nigel would
come back in and Harvey would just sit there and go, poof, poof, poof, like please.
And then I, I, like, like, and he, like, he can't, like the thing makes a sound that
makes him like cower away from it.
I can't say I blame him.
I mean, it looks like a guillotine.
He thinks Harvey is, he thinks Harvey or Nigel is going to another world.
He's like, I am not going into that portal at all.
My heart is like, if you ever, I don't know if, you know, some of you may have kids and
like, I know parents, like I've talked to parents and I know that they always secretly
have a favorite if they have two kids.
I know it's a thing that you don't admit and that you can't because legally with the
parent guilt, there's two kids and I know that parents with two kids, they always go
like, well, Monica's like, she's the jam.
And Toby's kind of a prick, but we love them because he's our kid.
Like you get that when you have a kid, I get from parents that they go like, you know what,
one of the great things about being a parent is you realize that your job is just to bring
another shithead into the world.
Like you quickly get over this idea that you're like, well, I'm Leopold the third.
I can't wait for Leopold the fourth to prove I was right about my thirding.
You're quickly like, okay, what's that?
I eat cardboard.
Okay, fine.
I guess that's what you were going to do.
No matter where you were raised, like I'll just keep you from getting arrested.
And so anyway, so that's why parents, like after a few margaritas, they'll go, yeah,
I like our daughter, but I don't like our son.
And I get it having two dogs because I'm like, Nigel, my parents are going to hate you for
that.
They can hate me all I want.
They are hating.
They're ashamed.
If you're a parent and you're out there and you're like, I love my kids equally, well,
then I guess I'm not talking about you.
So why are you mad?
You know, like, suck my daddy dick, no kid dick.
Here I am on my throne of no kids.
I'm telling you, you hate your kids.
No one knows that better than me.
I got dogs.
I'm just saying, I get like Harvey, Harvey is the smartest dog I've ever met in my life.
He watches television.
When he sees things on television that are supposed to excite him, he gets excited.
I can't get mad at him.
He's like, it's like, it's like, ho, ho, ho, here's reindeer.
And he's like, there's deer, there's deer, there's a whole shit trying to deer.
And I'm like, Harvey, Harvey, take it easy and he's like, you take it easy.
There's a fucking window with deer and I can't, I can't get mad at him because it's like,
well, Nigel's just like, what, what, he gets mad at, he just starts barking at Harvey.
Nigel doesn't, Nigel's just like, his eyes don't move at the same framerate or, I don't
know what the, I try, I tried to get clarity on this from scientists and Nigel probably
just knows it's TV.
And he's like, hey, Harvey, it's a television show.
Nigel seems a little more attuned to like the audio, like podcasts and stuff, maybe.
I don't know.
I'm trying to give him credit.
But the thing is, it's like, Nigel's the jock, like Nigel like can catch a ball, you throw
it in the air, like Nigel like gets everything, like Nigel like hacks everything.
He's a mutt.
He's like, he's like a little grimy little street urchin.
And so he should be, you want, I want him to be me, I want to be a carbon copy of me.
I want to be like, I'm punky Brewster.
He's punky Brewster.
He's my adopted kid.
I want to be, I want to have that bond.
But no, Harvey's my kid because he's homeschooled.
He's from a breeder.
He's afraid of, of not being liked to the point where he's, he can figure out way before
anyone not likes him, like, that he's so sad that he should like maybe piss in a fountain,
like when you come home, he's like, oh, sorry, I did that now.
He's like so sensitive and intelligent and intuitive that he's, he's got this little
brother that gets to eat before him and like, like, he's like, eh, like, like, I love, I
mean, like, have you ever, if you have two kids, is it the one that reminds you the most
of yourself that you like the least?
That's my question.
Send your emails to...
Dude, why is this happening to me, dot dad?
That's a great question.
That is a really great question.
Because like, I think if your kid's created and funny, and that's what you think you are,
you love that kid.
But if you're not funny, then you hate that kid.
But like also the ideal, right, is that you get your shit so together that you're like,
okay, I got a kid now.
And you're like, eh, I live my life, like, that's the ideal parent.
You're not supposed to like, like, oh, he's a little soccer player, Amy, you're a little
soccer player.
And then like get mad, like, that they're like, I don't know, soccer's okay, but I like
the trombone.
And you're like, what's that fucking dick flute you're playing?
You don't even know you're doing it, like that's the cartoonish example, like none of
us would do that, we're Angelitos.
Some people really have a set goal for their kids, what they want them to do, they put them
in shit, they give them little jobs.
And some people don't, and they get a president out of it.
The one thing we all know is that you can't, it's hands off, you just hope that they don't
get a gun and a rifle tower.
I gotta say, I'm really impressed with, I've said it before, like, the only reason I think
I have the capacity to have kids is because of Cody's sister, she's got her kids.
And like, I swear, I was like, when they were younger, I was like, you can't fucking raise
a kid like that, you kidding me, like talking to them like they're an equal and that's the
problem with our society and all this shit, but it's like, no, it's like these consequences
and rule, like the kids understand the rules, and they also understand the most important
thing about rules is that actually, if it's a fucking, if you really are, if you really
got a bunch of sand in your crack, you can, well, you really want to bend those rules
because they're negotiable on the back end of the front end, like, like, like, like,
you gotta tell me what the rules about the sand and the crack are.
What?
No, I'm saying, like, if your kids, like, it's, it's, it's, it's avoiding the because
I said so thing, because, because I said so, that ain't no rule.
That's not even a rule in prison.
Because I said so, don't even apply in prison, like, like, they don't even, like, like you're
in prison and you know that, like, you can, well, if you really fucking want it, you can
get whatever you, you know, like, you can bend the rules.
So like, and that's where we send the people that we hate the most, that we don't even
care if they ever learn anything, like, we were really unfair to those people, we're
like, oh, well, you're going to the pits of hell where you should just fucking suffer
for the rest of your life.
And even there, like, if you, if you want a cigarette, you can get a cigarette, if you
want a lockpick, you can get a lockpick, and like, it, it, it, so, like, it, it's that,
that, I, I like that, like, those conversations where, like, parents are having with their
kids where they're like, hey, like, what, what are you, what are you complaining about?
Like, I want to watch Peppa Pig, you know, and, like, well, so, and so, and so, you wanted
to watch Peppa Pig so bad, you did, what did you just do?
Why am I, why, why are we having this conversation?
I hit someone in the head with a fire truck.
And so, so do you think we're going to watch Peppa Pig now because of that?
Like, like, just having these conversations, it's kind of like, kind of sounds fun.
It's almost like, it, it, it is better that we don't baby talk like we used to.
There used to be that thing where we talked down to kids, and now you really do look at
a kid and you go, do you want the Picardi, or do you want the, it's easier on everybody
if we can just have a conversation versus this code switch.
And I think there has to be kind of a line there, like, like, like, probably says the
parental expert on his podcast about, but, but it's, that, that guy that I never want
to be, and that put me off of kids is that guy behind me on the airplane.
It's the, it's the working class Chris Pratt dad that's flying first class, and it has
that kid with them.
And you just hear this, like, almost one-sided dialogue where this guy is just like, well,
hey, bro, what do you want?
What do you want?
Oh, you want to do that, bro?
What do you think, dude?
Hey, guy, what do you think?
Oh, that'd be awesome.
Oh, yeah.
What is your shoe?
A spaceship?
Oh, that's amazing.
Oh, and it's just kind of, I, I feel like kids pick up on insincerity before they pick
up on language.
Like the kids, like, too, he's like, I think my dad's a dick.
I don't have the, I don't have the words for it yet, but I think I'm being raised by,
like, Chris Pratt, and I don't like it.
Like, that's all I know about you is that you're a fucking, like, mock enthusiast about
every fucking thing I do, like, I don't know what to trust, like, what, what, what, what
is it that I do that's actually gratifying my shoes a spaceship?
Go suck my...
Suck my tiny little...
No, they do, they, look, they do, we, as a society, we sort of roll out the red carpet
for the first 10 years.
For the first 10, and then after 10, we're like, motherfucker, get a job.
You'll see me, you'll see me asking you for shit.
That's not fair, too, but that's also, that's the problem is, like, when the kids get gangly
and then we start being like, fuck you.
Like, that's a, that's a big problem, because it reinforces the thing is, like, we could,
like, blend it a little bit, like, where it's like, hey, like, look, I'm not, yeah, it's
like, like, look, you just talked to him like a fucking dude.
I think the baby talk is instinctive to us, because literally, like, I think there's a,
I think the reason why we look at a baby, we go, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop,
is because we, we, because the babies, like, are like the CPU that's like fucking booting,
and like, we know that they actually, if we didn't do that, if you raised a baby in an
environment where they weren't surrounded by hominid faces that were constantly going,
hey, don't be, don't be, don't be, don't be, don't, like, that they wouldn't start going
peep-op, but, you know, that they're experimenting with it, and then, and then, and then they,
they turn two, and then they go past the salt, and, whoa, yeah, that is true.
If you don't talk to your babies, they don't start talking, and you can tell kids that
haven't been spoken to.
Oh, look who's here, speaking of babies that need to be spoken to, maybe we can try some
of these techniques.
Are you ready to come out?
Did you, did you, did you have a good time in your, uh, special place, Rob?
Excuse me.
Did you, do, are you feeling better now?
About.
About, uh, stage time, and when to come out, and, yeah, I'm okay with it, I'm all right.
Okay.
I love you.
I love, I love you too, Daniel.
Maybe tomorrow we'll go to the sunflower patch.
All right, I'm trying to think of what kids like.
I'm trying to go down the list of, like, what I would hate to ever do.
Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds awful.
Disney land.
That sounds worse.
What if you could just have a kid that was into Minecraft, like, out of the box?
Like an old box, an unfortunate figure out of the, from the get go.
Like if they were like, they were just like, and then you're like Minecraft, and they're
like Minecraft.
I would, I just saw a baby that would like sit on a laptop next to me and it'd be like,
what are you, what are you doing over there?
And they'd be like, I'm making a wheat garden and I'd be like, cool, can I, do you want
me to help you with stuff because I'll, I can simulate being a father or that would be,
that would be so cool.
That'd be great.
That would be so cool.
My post production supervisor at community, he had two kids and he said when I was, he
would go, he said, oh, I'm into Minecraft because he saw me playing it while I was editing
community.
That's right.
Well, and then also in addition to that, probably wrote a blog in my head, be amazed, go ahead.
But he was like, oh, Minecraft and he's like, I play that with my kids and he had to like
a server at his home and he would go home and play with his kids.
It was like a digital sandbox, a dad playing with his two kids Minecraft, you know, you
can drink with them too.
Once they, well, once they stop caring about Minecraft, but that I would be like, yeah,
I'd be like, don't, that would be my big thing with my kid would be like, I don't like Minecraft.
I want to drink.
I'm like, dude, what do you think I've been doing the whole time?
Get a drink and come back and play Minecraft.
Drinking's my Minecraft.
Don't ever say that again.
Minecraft was your drinking.
Did I get that right?
He needs more ice.
Schrab.
Schrab, do you have nieces and nephews?
Yeah, I think so.
And bull parked me on their ages.
What's that?
Bull parked me on their ages.
How old am I?
I think I have one that's three ish.
Okay.
And the other one that's five ish.
Schrab, you want to talk about this guy, this guy, I think the video doesn't really, but
do you want to talk about this guy outside your apartment?
It's been weird.
It's been a weird couple of days.
Like, I don't know what planet we're in retrograde.
I think there's five planets in retrograde.
I think there's five planets.
There was.
I think they went back.
I mean, is that what retro means?
Retrograde means they went back.
They went back a grade.
And I think that's happened because like, for the past couple of days, things have been
f'd up.
My Spotify got hacked.
Your Spotify got hacked.
By far my weakest password.
Like, the weakest password.
Car got broken into.
Wow.
And my keys, my car keys, that didn't have Kate's car key on it, we're in it.
We walked on the beach, left the keys, my keys, because I didn't want to carry them,
because I only have two pockets, so I kept my keys in Kate's car, came back, opened up
the door, and Kate was like, you must have lost your keys.
I go, I must have lost my keys, because I lose things, and I lost my keys.
But then, when I went to the gym this morning, they said, oh, somebody tried to use your
LA fitness membership yesterday, but got rejected, which made me feel like the guy was like,
excuse me, I would like to use my membership to get inside your gym.
And they went, okay, let me take this, beep, wait a minute, this isn't you.
And they went, fuck, and then ran into the gym, and was like, sir, sir, you have to
go, no, no, no, no, he was trying to like, work out, and they were just dragging him
out, and he was like, no, no, no.
I was trying to figure out, really, he's rowing, sir, that's not a boat, we're still here.
No, sir, get out of here, you have to get, you put that weight down, put those weights
up, no, no.
I was trying to figure out the most damage someone could do by hacking my Spotify account,
they were sitting on for a week, and I was like, I think actually the only thing would
be a net positive, because I think Spotify will be like, oh, you listened to Tori Amos
and Marshmallow?
You should come to this VIP party.
Where is, is that all that happened to you?
Or is there more?
Well, hey guys, I hacked Dan's Spotify account, what, no, no, I was shooting you a look because
I, I did that bit in a text message with you, I was shooting you the, the comedians look
of like, well, that didn't work, because I thought we were being really funny in my text
message conversation with Spencer about my Spotify account, I got hacked, all right, continue.
It went over better on the text.
My trunk got broken, unrelated, my trunk got broken.
How do you know it's unrelated?
Because, because it wasn't related, I mean it's related that we were in the same grade
that was retroactive, and it was a vehicle, but my trunk got broken, and at the car wash,
the car wash man said, oh, I can glue that for you, and I go, you broke my trunk, and
he goes, oh, this brand of car, oh, we get broken, I go, but it wasn't.
And he said, why are you coughing?
Are you okay, sir?
Where did you and Jeff go to punish me for, no, no, wait, wait, wait, listen, and I go,
no, I can fix it, I can fix it, and I'm going, well, somebody better fix it, because it
wasn't broke when I came here, and now it's broken.
And he goes, I can glue it, I can glue it, please.
Yeah, borderline, borderline, you don't have to look at you.
So I'm sitting down, I'm sitting down, I'm sorry, out in the heat, this man is gluing
my trunk together, and I'm like, what kind of glue are you using?
Because it's hot outside, I don't know if it'll affect it.
Let me look at the package, and I put on my glasses that I'm reading, and I'm just, I'm
just turned into my mother.
What kind of glue are you using?
Well, if you keep screwing around, and screwing around, of course it's going to break.
So you screw around, and you screw around, and you screw around, and you broke the trunk,
and now you're going to glue it with this gorilla glue.
I hope it works, or you'll be seeing me at nine o'clock tomorrow.
But give us a snapshot of this guy, Rob lives on this intersection in Los Angeles, I said
the second most populated city in the United States.
So his gym membership username is, you've been living there forever, and it's like this
intersection where clearly, the government has decided that putting a stop sign there
creates a, they looked at it from a bird's eye, they're like, well if you put a stop
sign there, the city will shut down.
It's like putting a clot in a thing, and they're like, well how many car accidents
are there?
Eight a day.
The most ever?
Okay, but per year, so on average they look at the whole circulatory system of the city,
and they're like, so keep letting there be car accidents and let the insurance companies
pay, because unlike a stop sign, those only happen once in a while, but it is the most.
So I'm replying to my emails, and I'm replying, and I'm replying, and I'm replying, and all
of a sudden I hear, ahhh, Michael Winslow is outside your door.
He's now a UPS man.
Three seconds later I hear, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, and Kate's like, Jesus
fucking Christ, what did you do?
And I'm like, I'm just replying to email.
Which ones did you reply to?
What are you talking about?
The ones that say do not reply?
Yeah.
They say do not reply.
Look, I got enough shit going on with Mercury doing whatever it's fucking doing up in the
sky, breaking my trunk, stealing your car keys.
I got enough shit to work out.
Well let's investigate, let's look outside the window.
We see a three car piled up, Schrab.el everywhere, and we see an Armenian woman going, oh my
goodness, oh my goodness, we're going back and forth, and this other guy going, oh my
God, oh my God, you ruined my life, you ruined my life.
I had this car for three days.
I can't make a living without my car, and you ruined my life, you ruined my life.
Cut two, three hours later, oh my God, you ruined my life, you ruined my life.
I can't make a living without my car, you ruined my life.
I was like, oh God, what if he was a marathon runner and his leg was broken or anything?
He's a pianist and his fingers are shattered.
Pianist got hurt.
If he was Dr. Strange and his knuckles, I needed voodoo magic too.
I don't think Dr. Strange was strange enough.
I know you worked on the movie.
He seemed pretty normal.
He was like, believe me, I was brought in there.
Excuse me, pardon me, how are you, sir?
I was thinking he would be doing some Howie Mandel shit, putting the glove on, he's going
I know you're doing a bit, but I actually consider that my job.
I was like, in the sequence where he's like, why don't you have a Dr. Strange from Austin
and come in and he's like, hey, what am I doing, what am I doing, why are you from Austin?
I don't know.
I thought I was in there because I was the Rick and Morty guy.
He's Dr. Strange.
Make him Strange.
You are.
Anyways.
Doesn't matter now.
You never have to.
So you were like saying, he comes in wearing green pants and an orange t-shirt.
Come on.
Can we not get sidetracked by this?
We have two big foam hands.
But you said number one on it.
You said you heard a crash.
Hello.
No.
The Dr. Strange.
He ain't in.
I was like, look, one of these days this guy is going to meet Tony Stark, how are we going
to know the difference between them?
The answer has to be that they have different motivations.
The amount of strangeness.
All right.
Tony's got the weird sideburns, Dr. Strange has the cape.
So you said you heard a crash and then you hear a guy going, oh my God, you were in my
life.
And I'm thinking, oh my God, can you imagine all the permutations about like if you were
a ballerina and like your ankles are sprained or whatever, it's like the slightest like
physical thing.
Like somebody or like an actor even.
Clearly he was an actor.
But we don't like beautiful people.
Like what if your face gets sliced by your thing or your nose gets broken.
And I was like, oh God, I wonder what that was.
But then the guy was out there for three hours and he was out there so long yelling about
how his life was ruined that it became very clear that his life was not ruined.
Because he had the ability to stand outside and yell about how his life was ruined and
he went into great detail.
But I was really focused on his car.
And he's like, I can't make money if I don't have my car, if my car can't make money, I
can't make payments on my car.
So it's like over time you're like, this doesn't, it sounds like you're doing pretty
good.
Like I don't think you were on your way to like a Forbes meeting.
The poor lady that was being yelled at by this man who already felt bad, you know, is
being yelled at, being yelled at, being yelled at, being yelled at.
The tow truck picks up her car first and leaves the guy and he's like, goodbye, thanks
for ruining my life.
I don't have anybody to pick me up.
I don't have any friends.
Well, at least he has an audience.
I wonder why.
Which is his worst nightmare.
You seem pretty.
I mean, I'm sure the guy was having a bad day.
I'm sure it wasn't his fault.
I'd love to see like that guy, the rest of that guy's life.
He might just be like, hold on, hey guys, I just am getting a new car.
It's so exciting.
It's going to be great.
I'm going to be able to make all this money with my car, guys.
That's exactly what I said.
Yeah.
I'll take the end.
I'm so happy.
Thanks.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you.
Thank you, God.
Thanks, boy.
I'm going to make so much money because of this car.
It's a stepping stone to a greater life.
I'm so grateful for it.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Not a fucking chance.
And I don't say that.
I don't say that like he deserved it.
What the fuck?
Order in the court.
Jesus.
The defendant will please rise.
Yes.
Yes, your honor.
Did you, madam, run into this poor man's car?
Yes, I did.
Okay.
You may sit down.
Let's talk to the other guy, sir.
Will you please state your case?
Oh, my life is short.
My life is short.
You're in my life.
Hey, does that give me the limit?
Hell yeah.
Your honor, if I could read the tape back.
But just a moment.
Brenda, sorry.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Brandon.
Applying gender to your occupation.
I'm part of the problem.
I'm a temp, but I look like the other one.
So I'm racist too.
No, you're fine, your honor.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could just read back,
you're ruining my life.
You're ruining my life.
Ah, ah, ah, you're ruining my life.
You're ruining his life, ladies and gentlemen.
Excuse me, Mr. Kensington, you're not in charge.
I'm talking to Brandon. I'm the jury.
If I could please... Sir, I will hold you
in contempt of Corey. I am not a lawyer.
I am not a part of this.
I just want to use the gym membership.
Because I have a problem with my back right now.
And if I could just...
I'm just gonna lift these. Wait.
Oh, no. God damn it.
That's the oldest scam of the book.
How does the court keep...
Sir, you're gonna have to put those pounds back on
before you leave.
Take these Cheetos.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
Can I leave now? Can I leave?
Can I leave now that I'm fat and gross again?
But I will try, because you sent me the video.
I don't... We promised nothing, but I'll try.
Maybe we can hear this guy,
because this is Rob's wife recording it
from the apartment near the glass.
Kate! Her name is Kate.
Okay.
I don't... Kate!
You married us.
Well, then she's my wife, too.
So I can dehumanize her as much as I want.
It looks like somebody's Mormon.
Yeah.
Okay, so...
Every baby... Every baby... Every...
It's quiet.
Yeah, he's not talking.
Hi! Thanks for leaving my fucking wife!
I don't get a ride. It's not like it's me to ride.
I... I mean, he was saying that so much
that you were able to hear it,
and then someone got out their phone at some point, like...
Yeah, I mean, he was saying it for a long time.
Yeah.
I mean, the guy's... The video, he's hopping around.
Like, that's the thing.
It's okay to make fun of his tragedy,
not because he deserves to have misfortune,
but because he's fine physically.
Like, in all the ways that his mishap could hurt him permanently.
He's fine, and he's... I just...
He's jumping up and down yelling,
my life is ruined.
I... I... I ran out of steam pretty quickly.
You know this.
Like, I'm like... If I show up in a public place,
I'm like, uh, okay, yeah, I'm done.
All right, goodbye, Lyft. Goodbye.
You never see me again.
So... But this guy, for three hours,
screaming at the time,
you ruined my life, you ruined my life.
I get him.
You ruined my life, you ruined my life.
You ruined my life of the commitment.
I was jealous.
I could be... I was that guy.
I'm this guy.
But...
No.
I don't think you're that guy.
I've never seen you like that.
With I was 30 years old, and shit would befall me.
I was like, are you fucking kidding me?
And I would like, you could wind me up
and I would be in the Glendale Galleria,
like making a, like, I would just,
like, I would have this thing like,
when were you ever like that?
Well, you would never see it,
except like once in a while,
I was like, but if a telemarketer called me,
like, why is my phone ringing?
I would like enter the exchange,
like, why is this happening to me?
Like, I was Christ, you know?
Like, what's with this ripple in my perfect world
that my father created?
You know, they're like, hello?
Mr. Harmon, this is a courtesy call,
they're like, who are you?
And why are you calling me?
You know, it's just like,
you just get this righteousness about you.
Like, I don't know, when I was like 30,
I was like, are you, like, well, still,
yeah, I'm not, I don't mean to imply
that I'm mellow and zen now,
but like, I just got,
I just got filled within a fat that I was like,
I'm tired, like this piggy needs to roll over and die.
I think being in the arts, when you're super creative
and you have some language
and you know how to fucking act a little bit,
you are the worst person to run into.
You're the worst person to run into
when it comes to shit like that.
But I do, yeah, I do think,
I think outrage is helpful, like,
I actually don't, I don't wanna see less people
be so fucking like, unfamiliar with,
with bullshit that they're outraged.
I don't, like, we talk about outrage culture
and like, we want to, like, dissolve it,
like a wart with nitrous or whatever the shit
that they would burn your warts away with.
Liquid nitrogen.
I don't, I don't think that's tall.
Acid!
I think outrage is great.
I think it's amazing for somebody to wake up one morning
and be like, you know what,
I haven't been treated like a fucking human being today.
I, let alone the princess or the prince that I am
or the fucking king or the,
like, and to like enter every exchange that you have
with an expectation that is like fucking like,
because what's the alternative to that?
To like take your cues from, from a society
that thinks you're a piece of shit,
like how you should be treated.
Some people have to invert that shit
and sometimes that, that takes the form of a tantrum,
you know, like some people would be like,
you know what, I woke up this morning and I'm like,
why am I not being treated like a fucking human being?
Tuck your fucking keys!
Do you mean like that?
How come I can't unlock every door
that I walk towards?
But sort of like that situation where you just pop off.
And I think that's a, that's a,
I know, I think that guy just had to take a giant shit.
I don't know.
I'm trying to run that.
Well, what could have made that guy mad?
That's literally, I was literally advocating for
specifically him if he was leaving because he was mad.
No, he has to take a shit.
I think it's okay to get mad.
Fuck this!
I think it's okay to pop off now and then
and be a fucking reposer,
a fucking crazy hypocritical, fucking punk rock activist.
Fuck you!
There is something about living in,
when you live in Los Angeles,
people tend to get out of their cars
and rant at you more than other cities.
And it is, is it the heat?
Well, it could be, also though, remember Los Angeles
is like a beautiful city to walk into traffic in.
Like Los Angeles is very kind to the fucking pedestrian.
You step into the street coming out of JFK
and like you get a very harsh reminder of like,
oh shit, it's legal to kill me here.
Like they're aiming for me and that makes New York run.
But LA, like everyone's coming from different countries
and all this shit, but we somehow get it pounded into us
that if somebody steps into the street,
even if they're drunk and wandering in,
like it's on you if you hit them.
So that could be, that could create tension
for a almost New York-sized city
where like everyone's gotta get somewhere
and it's like, fuck, you know,
everything's on me if I make a mistake.
Like that could create like fucking, you know,
I don't know.
It could ruin your life.
Yeah.
The other thing I think is like,
if a guy is screaming, this ruined my life,
if a car accident ruined your life,
the first thing I'm thinking
if I'm overhearing that is uninsured.
Like, which he has my support because it's like,
I would be screaming on the sidewalk like,
why the fuck is it mandatory for me to have a fuck?
Like if somebody hit me and I was uninsured for a week
because I was between jobs and all that shit,
that would fucking send me over.
I think the deal was just being real big, honestly,
because I think if you're fucked, you're really quiet.
When shit pops off, that makes your life really in.
But also if it was super his fault, I think it'd be,
like, I think, like, look, it could be,
it could be the other driver's fault.
Don't you think that would send him over like more?
I'm saying, I'm saying.
Cause he's like, I did nothing wrong,
but I was like, I'm going to go to the gap.
And like, I, like, they told me, they told me don't,
they told me you can't drive uninsured and all this shit.
Like he took, he took his little canoe out into the canal.
I was like, I'm going to catch some fish.
I'm going to come back with them.
I'm going to make my village proud.
I'm like, I'm, and for that to be taken away from him
because somebody like went, it was their fault.
Technically it's his fault, but only on paper.
But the woman ran into him.
He, he got sandwiched between two cars.
So then, so then, he got the worst of,
so then I understand the outrage.
I don't, I don't, I don't like, I just get it.
Like, I just, like, like, if you're-
People kept yelling at him, insurance.
She's got insurance.
Right.
Insurance.
And he's like, you can't get insurance
unless you sell enough pizzas and I can't sell pizzas
unless people like me and no one likes me
because I don't have a car.
And I understand that.
I do.
And I will vote for him when he runs for,
because he's, I don't know if that anger goes somewhere.
I get it.
Yeah.
It went into my ears.
Well, I'm trying to reply to my emails
and I'm hearing this, I don't know, outside.
It was distracting.
But that's-
I had to make fun of it.
That's what you're talking about.
Homo sapiens versus Neanderthals, Neanderthals would be like,
wait, someone's, someone's life is ruined?
Did you say homeless sapiens?
Homo sapiens.
Homo, Homo neanderthalus.
Homo sapiens are the only species capable of going,
oh, there's a guy, here a guy screaming my life is ruined.
Sounds like a job for the mythical thing
I've constructed in my head called the DMV,
the state of California, the rule of law,
the responsibility, Barack Obama.
I don't know what that meant.
Univision, I don't know.
Like you have all these constructs in your head
and you're like, I would do more harm than good
if I even go to the window and look out of it.
But if you were in a tribe of 150 people
and you were like, you heard one of your best friends
going, my life is ruined, you'd be like,
well, it's the shitty part of me that's gonna sleep in.
But we are capable of creating cultures
where we're like, it's actually a pretty good job today.
Heard a guy screaming, my life is ruined,
didn't run to the window to take a picture.
I'm doing pretty good today.
Like we kind of pat ourselves on the back
for a little bit of numbness,
because that's how you get through.
Oh, a plane goes down with 300 of your fellow species
and you don't-
I don't know, are you on my side or not?
Are you, what do you-
Nothing happened to you.
What, what?
I'm on your side?
Nothing happened to you.
You're saying, well, 300 people died in a plane crash
and you're taking pictures of this.
No, no, no, I didn't mean-
He just did an Elizabeth Smart version of you.
I think it's good that you-
I'm so, they're so happy.
That guy would be so happy.
If you could put him in a chamber
that sucked all of his misfortune out
and then you told him,
someone recorded you screaming, my life is ruined, goodbye.
And 150 people, well, that's still 120.
All right, guys, I get it,
it's downtown, it's Monday, whatever.
But if you could separate his consciousness,
he would go like, oh, that's cool.
That my tragedy made these people happy for a second,
because they weren't like, what an animal.
He should be stuck with a spear until he dies.
Although I do, again, I will say maybe that dude deserved it.
I was-
That's another huge thing that the sapiens guy talks about.
That's why everybody needs to read this book,
because he talks about gossip.
Here's the thing, is this woman who,
it was her fault, she even said,
it's my fault, it's my fault, it's my fault.
Was sitting there, she was being screamed at by this guy.
Everybody in the neighborhood was huddled around her,
like, are you okay?
Do you need a-
But this guy was going, nobody's caring about me.
He probably had a neck injury, he got hit really hard.
Or it triggered, it might have triggered some loss
for that dude, obviously.
Yeah.
Because he really-
Well, it sounds like it ruined his life.
Well, if we can take him at his word.
Yeah, yeah.
People kept saying, calm down,
and people kept avoiding him,
because he just was, he was at a 10 and stayed there,
and never-
Which always makes you feel great.
Yeah, everybody knows that.
At no point, he went, at one point,
I heard him talking quietly, and I went,
oh, okay, well, this is the part where he goes,
okay, blew up to there, I'm really sorry,
but I just, whatever, if we could exchange
our insurance information, I think,
but no, he was going, just say you're sorry,
just say you're sorry, just say you're sorry,
you ruined my life.
He was just saying it quietly.
Yeah, he was just getting enough energy back
to scream at her as he was driving home to her family,
and home, and warm bed.
Well, that doesn't, yeah, now, I mean,
not that I was on his side, but I mean,
just say you're sorry, like, it's like, well-
He was screaming.
Like, there's no, it's like, what does sorry mean to you?
Yeah, yeah, I mean, whatever, he's 20.
Like, he's so lucky, he's not decapitated,
that's all I can-
Yeah, I think you were like saying,
when you really are fucked, you just sit there going,
shit, shit, you know?
I mean, you don't like-
It's a terrible, like, you get a fender bender,
and you're like, you don't know what the fuck,
like, what do you do, like, no one tells you,
they tell you in, like, Driver's Ed class, or whatever,
but like, come on, like, even it's just a slight tap,
in Milwaukee, like, the roads are icy
for nine months of the year, and it's like,
through no fault of your own, you just like, bump,
you just, you tap someone's bumper,
and it's really up to both of you, collectively,
whether or not all of a sudden pull over,
and exchange the information, and you just feel like such a,
like, no one leaves their house prepared for that,
it's great, like-
And here's the thing, there was a third person involved
with this accident, so everybody was huddled around
the woman who was, it was her fault,
everybody was avoiding, like, the plague,
the guy screaming up and down, and here's this guy,
that's just kind of, oh, okay, oh.
So that's the third guy?
Yeah, he's just like, all right, all right.
That's homo habilis.
Yeah, it's like, I'm over here, too.
All right, I guess the squeaky wheel gets on it.
That's everybody in this audience, that's all of us, right?
Yeah, oh yeah, that would have been me going,
okay, well, if you tell me I'm a bad person,
I'll be happy to be ashamed of myself.
I'll take my cues from you, I didn't get out of bed
to not fuck around with society.
At the same time, I will draw a line,
we don't know where it is, but I will draw it.
Yeah, I got 12 people that'll pick me up right now,
but I don't know, what am I supposed to do?
Yeah, well, prayers out to every single person
in that accident, it sounds like everybody
got away, god damn, that expression of it could be worse,
like it always feels like a terrible thing
to take solace in, like if you're in a bad situation.
Silver linings do not help you, you know,
well, at least you didn't lose a foot, fuck off.
But I gotta say, Elizabeth Smartfucking,
she sold me on the, it could be worse, philosophy.
Give me a, give me a, for instance.
She's ruling my show.
She, Elizabeth Smart broke it down to game theory
about it could be worse, cause she was like,
look, I'll tell you what, I got, you know, look,
I don't want to use harsh language and like,
cause it'll sound like I'm making light, cause like,
whatever, but this girl was through the worst year
of 14 year old girl's life, aside from getting murdered
afterward, you could ever be through.
And, and she, and so she recaps it,
she has this like sort of bon vivant style,
like, like, kind of like, like she, she chucks it off,
like, like, she's like, she's like,
this is what happened to me and this is what happened
to me and this is what happened.
And you know what, every single time
something bad started happening to me,
I kept thinking, well, it can never get any worse than this.
And every time I thought that, it kept getting fucking worse.
And so I started to learn after a while,
it can get worse than this.
And that's when it started to get better.
And I was like, all right, I got, like, that's like,
like, she was like, I hacked the spiritual system.
She was like, well, I, I, oh, I've gotten to a place where I,
it's sort of, but the other half of you goes, yeah,
but that's how we're all conditioned by things like
organized religion to suffer abuse, you know?
Like, like, that's, it's a very fascinating.
It's also a bit of a survival skill though.
I won't trash it too much.
It's not conditioning.
It literally is the thing that keeps us.
That's, and it makes us different.
Like the, the, the Homo sapiens, like we're able to believe
in the shit that doesn't, isn't real.
But the important asterisk on that is that real doesn't matter
because once you get like, like the species,
we make the unreal real.
So the corporations, they're just real.
Like if Disney's a corporation, like, and everyone believes
that Disney's a corporation, which it is,
even though that doesn't mean anything,
Walt Disney isn't alive, there isn't anything.
Like Disney's just a belief.
It exists of like a bunch of like,
just like a tribe.
Scriptures that you have on record and things.
But ultimately, like, hey, well, you know,
it's like several thousand people like, like,
oh, I got, I got fired today.
I don't want, like, because this belief in the system,
like the belief matters.
The belief in the dollar, the belief in your taxes,
the belief that you are a citizen of a country.
Like, it's almost an understatement to say that,
oh, so much of our life is based on these, like,
fabrications that have nothing to do with reality,
because that would be the most,
when you really think about it, it's like,
well, what did you do today?
What governed your life today that had anything to do
with biological reality?
You took a shit.
You sneezed.
I, like, like, everything that had anything
that you culturally, like, registered.
Anything that would actually meant anything to you,
your self-esteem, like, most importantly,
like, whether or not you think you're a good person,
like, it all had to do with, like, fucking crazy,
like, shit that doesn't, it doesn't exist.
But it does exist.
That's the, it's not, I don't think the important thing
is for us to realize it doesn't exist,
because I think that's what a raccoon would do.
That's why a raccoon keeps going through your garbage,
no matter how many times you tell it, it's against the law.
And the raccoon will just look at you and go,
that doesn't mean anything.
That doesn't make the raccoon a hero or a villain.
It just, like, makes, it means the raccoon would die.
Makes it a raccoon.
But the truth for that raccoon is that if it doesn't stop
fucking with the wrong person's garbage, it's gonna die.
Because of a belief system that that human has, like,
decided on.
Like, okay, it's okay for me to poison you,
because the city of whatever I live in doesn't care.
And it's just.
Nevada.
Nevada's fine, it's.
It's, Jeff, what went on with you and Jeff backstage?
Now tell us.
Now reward us for our patience.
What went on back there?
What was your strategy?
Because ours won.
I don't think so.
Because we were having a ball.
Well, I think we had a pretty good time too,
didn't we, kids?
Yay!
I love, I love, like, the people I didn't see clap.
We're like.
Nah, nah.
Well, there's no feeling.
I'm sorry, dad.
Mom picked me up on Tuesday and got ice cream.
That's fine, I love them too.
I don't demand fealty.
That's right.
What makes me different from your fake gods?
I'm the first god to say to you.
You know what, I'd like to earn it.
That's your first and last commandment.
Let me earn it.
Stop it, stop it.
What, you're afraid I'm gonna become a cult leader now?
It's a little late for that concern.
It's just so.
What? Tideous.
It's like walking uphill.
That's what Kate said to me one time.
Like, I would, because I do bits, you know,
when we're driving in the car.
You remember those?
Yeah.
Trob car bits?
It's like me testing out material.
Usually it's me singing the names of the signs that I,
you know, say, I have a 25 miles an hour shop code.
You know, like stuff like that, you know, like that.
And at one point, like it was like silent for a while.
And then Kate goes, ugh.
You know, it's like talking to you is like walking a pill.
And I was like, and I started like almost crying.
And she just started laughing her ass off.
And I'm like, that's not funny.
And then I started laughing because it was pretty funny.
But it was funny because it hurt my feelings.
I didn't, like, that's like a vitamin in small doses.
Like, it's not a representation of your union.
But like also that's like your best partner will.
I had a girlfriend once who said, I just,
I was almost so proud of this.
It was an insult, like, because we were sitting
at an airport gate.
And I was like, I said, I was like, I was joking.
Because I paid for first class tickets.
And then they were like, we're now
admitting people who need to sit first and whatever.
And I was like new to first class.
And I was like, there was a guy literally with a cane
that was clearly blind.
And I said as a joke, but, you know,
I lean into my jokes when I'm in private.
I was like, oh, great.
So what do I got to do to really sit first?
You know, I blind myself.
What?
What did you say?
What do I got to do?
I was just making the joke.
I was, it didn't matter what I said.
It was like the joke was, I'm first class,
but the blind guy gets to get on the plane first.
He paid with his sight.
What did you pay?
I am aware of the God damn irony,
or I wouldn't have said something.
If he would have traded, he would.
My girlfriend.
Go first.
Can I see my baby?
My girlfriend, like, you don't know
that he got blind doing something cool.
He could have been an asshole.
He might have poked out an eye, a microscope that
is designed to make Ebola.
I was like, well, he was so enthusiastic about making Ebola.
He's like, ow, ow.
I can't see.
Thank God.
My point was, you remember these zingers,
because they're actually like, my girlfriend at the time
said, you're like a watchdog group for one.
And I thought it was really funny and scathing.
It was like, yeah, I really am like the most
ridiculously horrible narcissistic person.
But it was also like an expression of like, wow.
It's like, for a partner to be like, you are awful.
It's part of it.
But at the same time, and I think the reason I started
laughing is because we talked about it for a long time,
just dissecting why we were both laughing.
And she said, the reason is you were trying as hard as you
can to make it feel like I was walking uphill.
Right.
Listen to this.
You were trying as hard as you could to be a horrible person.
We succeeded.
Yeah.
Which is what couples do.
But the shortcut to that is you can
be pleasant with each other about everything else
if you just take the lid off the fart rule.
Just fart with each other.
Because then you can be like, you're awful,
because that was awful.
And then you can both be like, yeah, that was bad.
And then you're like, oh, let's get back to our partnership.
In all other matters, we're best friends.
But don't do that again.
I won't.
Yeah, I'm from Missouri.
So if you want me to show you a fart.
No.
So we don't really fart in front of one another ever.
I've done both.
I think I've talked about that before.
I think Sarah, I don't think she'd mind me saying this,
because Sarah was going out with Jimmy.
Sarah Silverman going out with Jimmy Kimmel.
You'd think, OK, these two are comedians.
They're artists or whatever.
I remember we were talking about farting,
and she was like, yeah, Jimmy and I don't fart around each other.
And I was like, you guys don't fart around each other?
And so me and Megathi, we did a whole marriage.
It was like, yeah, the only thing I learned from it
is that that's a thing you can do.
That's a total option.
It didn't make it worse.
It didn't make it better.
Right.
But it's a distinctive decision.
I think actually what it taught me
is when I was a 25-year-old kid who was like, oh,
I associated farting in front of each other
as with a threshold of intimacy, that actually
had to do with abuse.
Well, that word is too heavy.
But that it was like, oh, you're family now,
which means you're like, I don't respect you now.
We're not.
It's like when the farting becomes,
when it signifies, well, you don't matter to me.
That's what you don't want to enter your head.
Isn't the problem kind of making farts symbolic in any sense
for the relationship?
That could be.
Because when it means something,
whether you're doing it in front of each other or not doing it,
making it mean something, that seems like, well, what are we
doing?
I think you may be the most right and most wrong
about this, because you're right.
First of all, good luck making farts not mean something.
Not mean the wrong thing.
Well, just because getting to that place where it's just,
well, farts are just when air is expelled from your anus,
like, come on, good luck.
They're hilarious.
But at any given time, it's like, it
could be like if someone's saying they love you
and then you fart, the timing means you don't love them
or whatever, or if they're farting more than you,
because they're lactose intolerant.
I don't want to open that door.
That all sounds like madness.
Right.
So I do think you're right in that if you maintain the idea
that, well, farts happen, so they don't have power over us.
So if I do fart next to you, it can't possibly mean by itself
that I don't love you.
It's certainly not supposed to.
That's not the point of doing that.
Any more than exhaling or lightning striking,
because really, it's just may as well be weather.
But the big, I think when I was younger,
I think growing up blue collar and kind of midwestern
and just sort of cultural things, it's like,
I think I had it in my relationships.
If you're listening to this, and I doubt you are,
and you dated me when I was 19, I don't think you're listening
to this podcast.
Let's go ahead and bring Katie out.
But I think I was like, oh, yeah, I was like, yeah,
I was flowers and candy.
And then we started farting in front of each other.
And then it turned into kind of trailer park,
like, well, we're balling, chaining each other.
You know what I mean?
But that has nothing to do with the fart.
It has to do with the symbolism that you project onto it.
Which is that's probably the real problem.
Yeah.
Whereas Cody and I fart all over each other constantly.
I'm saving one up for her right now,
because it means I love you.
That is.
Your dad kept a big barrel of pretzels next to his recliner.
Do you remember that?
Yeah, yeah.
He would have like a big Costco's big thing of pretzels.
We're all dried out, nasty.
Next to his recliner.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Try to stop eating them, though, right?
I would eat them.
Yeah.
And you'd eat more.
And you'd be like, this dry ass giant brick pretzel.
And then you'd keep eating them.
You would eat them?
I would eat them.
I'm assuming your dad would eat them.
And it was always full.
It was always full.
Because he would get another barrel, yeah.
Yeah.
And I think one time I went out into the garage
where there was the jukebox or whatever that he had or whatever.
And there were all these barrels of pretzels.
Your dad liked big fucking pretzels.
They were big ones.
They weren't little like giant pretzels.
Barrels of them.
It's making me love my dad, bro.
Dog biscuit pretzels.
He got it.
He gets it.
My dad gets it.
He fucking nailed it.
He had the recliner, the remote control, and the pretzels
in arms reach and backup pretzels in the chamber.
Next to the jukebox.
Because he probably noticed, probably like one day he came home
and he was like, who ate my pretzels?
What are we doing?
And then he was like, wait, I have money?
A billion pretzels.
If you love pretzels that much, get a billion pretzels.
How much for one?
Well, it's about $15.
I'll take everything you got.
Here's my address.
How much to ship it to my place?
It'll take those like, fuck it.
Here's my credit card information.
Meet me.
Meet me there in 15 minutes.
We used to make fun of my dad because my dad was, he subscribed
to this company called Blair.
That was like, basically all his clothes came through the mail.
And we just made fun of him because he was like, oh, your dad,
your clothes come through the mail.
Come on, cut to half of our sponsors.
Yeah, fell.
Oh, socks are us.
Would be happy to put you in a pair of socks.
Just sign up to Warby Soccer and we'll put some socks on you.
It's like, I'm Billabooty and Butterjic Chico.
Yes, it is.
We would make so much fun of my dad because it was like,
dad, what do you get your clothes in a box from a delivery man
for?
He's like, ah, what are you making fun of me?
What am I going to pick the best shirt in the world at a store?
All of a sudden, everyone's going to start respecting me, right?
Like, oh, here's an idea.
Here's the shirt size.
Here's the pant size.
Fucking mail me pants and shirts and I'll go to work.
Perfect human.
Do we have a little D&D?
Yeah.
It's close.
We've got about nine minutes of D&D.
We should bring Jeff Davis out for the D&D.
Jeff is either waiting or at my bed is not waiting because Jeff thinks
that his final revenge is going to be in the form of us going,
Jeff, where are you?
Where are you?
To silence.
Don't you think he's not back there?
I think he's still back there because he's Jeff Davis.
He's a reasonably loyal dude.
Well, I'll go look.
Yeah, because what I won't do is beg for it.
Won't do it.
Is to earn it.
He doesn't have to earn it because I wouldn't do that to another person,
but I won't have it done to me.
I introduced him.
He made a bit out of it.
Now he's going to lay in that bed.
I'm willing to be even Steven.
I'm not going to take revenge or be like, I want all I want is friendship
and equality.
That's all I've ever wanted.
Yeah, you sound dangerous right now.
I need to just come up to my tent for nine months and worship Mormon Christ.
Can you just say you're sorry?
Have you ever weaponized that, think back through your life going like,
oh, just say you're sorry.
It would be so hard to say you're sorry.
It is hard to say you're sorry.
And it should be.
That should be a big deal.
God damn it, we keep pissing that guy off.
The only thing he doesn't like is human fidelity.
He doesn't care if I'm breaking through to the inner rage.
God damn it, I don't find it.
I wanted to hear when season four is coming out.
I don't know what it is.
When it's done, I can't say.
Oh, I can read a...
I'll read an S&P note.
We got our first S&P note from Rick and Morty.
Oh yeah.
And it seems kind of harmless to read it, I think.
Let's see.
Morty's butt is simply too large.
Give us a beat.
It's so much more...
I don't know if I just typed Rick and Morty.
What's that?
I like that you looked at me.
I don't know.
I can't...
Read these notes to a beat.
Delivery status.
Let's talk about...
My new favorite thing is Canadian Horror Podcasts.
This podcast is called The No Sleep Podcast.
Why are you guys...
You're just fans of it too.
There's 11 seasons of it and I'm on season four.
The guy sounds exactly like Scott Thompson from Kids in the Hall.
It's so Canadian and it's so funny.
I swear.
I said to David Cummings, host of that podcast,
I want to just ask you this because I don't like it when people hit people.
Dan Harmon made fun of you in his podcast or whatever.
The guy that was up and disappeared or whatever.
I will fly you first class to Los Angeles to be on the show and celebrate you.
I love your podcast.
I go to sleep to it every night.
Now here's the part where maybe I'm teasing but I just love this.
It's this creepy pasta podcast and it just starts with this creepy music
and this guy that sounds like Scott Thompson from Kids in the Hall
goes like, as the darkness descends into the wilderness
and your heart's nightmares come out to play,
it's time to surrender to the horror.
Because tonight there will be no sleep.
I just find it fascinating that there is absolutely no way to be effectively scary
when you're that Canadian, which I want.
At the top of everything it's like, he's like, this is welcome to episode seven
of season three of the No Sleep podcast.
A few orders of business.
We're raising the price on the Patreon silver package
until tonight's chingly spine tingling terrors of terror are about 73 cents per spine tingle.
It's so fucking Canadian.
He's so cost effective.
You all remember Otis Redis from our last thing.
He's having some trouble without going into too much detail.
He needs some help.
There's a GoFundMe page but the GoFundMe will always be like a weird Canadian version of GoFundMe.
There's a Royal Federation Super PAC page.
Sign in to help guys.
What?
Oh no.
Without further ado, it's time for the terrifying tales.
It's called the No Sleep podcast.
We literally sleep to it because it's so comforting.
He's adorable.
I don't know if he wants to be adorable.
Because I'm starting back.
I have seven seasons to go before I'm caught up.
I'm still at the era where he's like a new advent of the podcast.
You'll notice on the website we have something new called trigger warnings.
For those who don't know, trigger warnings are well, they're a spoiler free advisory
about the type of content that you may encounter during a scary tale designed to tingle your spine.
We always seek to frighten and terrify, but in a safe way that makes everyone happy.
Don't forget, Bowling League is next Tuesday.
If that guy, I love him so much.
I hope everyone's going to be like, oh, he did an impression of you and all this stuff in the hill.
So I'm saying, please come on the podcast.
I will rose petals for you.
I love you.
It's such a great combination.
Canadian accent and terrifying tales.
Because they're not just generic monkey pastries.
They're creepy pastas.
A lot of them are like fucking hardcore.
It's like this next scary tale comes to us from a neighbor who thinks maybe when you're planting in your garden,
you ought to be careful for, as our next narrator says, the carrots in the soul.
And then some music will come in.
But then he'll affect some like, he's always talking about who needs more narrators and he's always apologizing.
We could use some more narrators, but I'll do this next one anyway.
And then he'll do like, here, I've been planting carrots for a long time.
He just gets the sense of like, come on, you're a pig and shit, stop.
You don't need anybody.
Just fucking do it, baby.
I want to hear all your accents.
He's like, sometimes he doesn't like, I'm from Chicago.
And I like that one time people told me to watch a channel six and can make people jump off a building.
Oh, that was a scary one.
This next one's about a pussy of fire.
Okay.
Anyways, what was, yeah, I know that confused me too.
Why would the next one be about a pussy of fire?
The answer is because it's time to end the show.
Oh, and he says at the end, he's like, oh, that's the end of our episode.
You don't have to tell people that.
I mean, it's ending.
He starts it with so much business.
Oh, the subscription plan has changed.
It's like, it's like getting on a bus.
And a lot of the stories are Canadian too, and they're so charming.
They're like, oh, this next one, they got, oh, what went down by the lake?
And what went down by the lake is a dude lit up a joint, sat on a bench and he saw something scary and he never forgot it.
That's fucking it.
Like, oh, yeah, you mean privilege?
Oh, he'll never forget the day by the pine tree lake.
Oh, it's a splash and a ghost was splashing.
It wasn't a raccoon.
Oh boy, the cops came over and they gave me a wag of the finger.
They gifted my joint underneath the park bench, said, you know, a lot of people wouldn't believe your story,
but it ain't my job to judge you.
And he walked away, but I'll never forget that spooky bench by the lake.
But then they're interspersed with totally American, just like, I got raped on the dark web because I clicked on the wrong thing
and it came in the window and raped my fucking rape flesh.
But they're red in the same place, like, oh, and the rape and the rape flesh in my rape.
Well, that brings us to the end of our stories.
It's a glorious, podcasting is the last section of the internet to have any fucking health to it.
I am out of the rest of it.
All right, what else do we have to do?
Let's just sign off and see people next week.
Can I please just, because people think I'm kidding, but I just got to...
Well, yeah, well, because I feel like, okay, just let me...
Well, talk about something.
Brandon, do you want to have children?
Talk about that for a second.
I do want to have children.
Why don't you yet?
What's wrong?
I'm sure that I do somewhere.
Every time I tape a TV show, I'm like, are you sure this is going to be on TV?
Because my children will find me.
I don't have children because I date interracially.
What?
I just...
I don't want to do that to a white person's family.
Oh, scary next tale.
A little bit of misogyny can be a fine time for an upstanding citizen.
But our next story tells the cautionary tale of when race mixing goes wrong.
Join narrator, Brandon Johnson, for the story of how I fucked an Indian girl.
Oh, sorry.
No, that's...
We didn't...
Okay, sorry.
What?
No, you and children, sorry.
I didn't mean to...
Yeah, why don't we just casually talk about me and my lack of children?
We started with the cats.
Once you get over two, you pretty much know it's not going to happen for you.
There is that.
There's also poverty.
There's abject poverty.
I don't want to make more poor black people.
Really is the case.
So I didn't have kids.
Did you find it yet?
Doesn't having kids seem like an irresponsible move right now?
Back in Sparta, it was probably a bad move to have a kid just to toss off a cliff.
It feels like that.
It does feel like that.
I would have kids, I think, that would be okay, but we'll never know.
So a way to bring that down.
Sparm doesn't seem to work.
I don't know if it's no internet or it's just things like that.
Dan has AT&T, and AT&T seems like it's even worse than Verizon in this exact location.
However, in some of their judgments, a really judicious company, I think that...
We love the shows that they buy.
Their recent purchase of the entire Turner Network.
Yes.
Oh, so wonderful.
Well, it's the widest network in the country.
The conversion to headlines about pedophilia, I think, are a fantastic decision.
I will exchange my fucking life and soul for whatever they want to go.
This next tale comes from a man trapped by his plans for retirement.
In a tale called, Why the fuck is everyone bent out of shape about this?
Didn't I come to this internet to do exactly this?
Wait, why can't I just click on a thing and...
I'm not asking you guys that.
That's what I want, I know.
It's just...
All right, whatever.
Canadian creepypasta.
Please tune into creepypasta and tell us all goodnight.
That is Harmontown.
We miss you so much, Jeff Davis, wherever you are.
Shout out to Rob Schrab, Spencer Crittenden, Dan Harmon, and the food Chris Foreoff.
Thank you.
Jack McKeever, Sarah Hill.
This has been the Dynasty Typewriter.
Tuck your keys.
Shots out to church.
We love you all.
Good night.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.